[NARRATOR] Gold Roger,
the King of the Pirates,
attained every treasure
that the world had to offer.
Smiling, even as he stood
upon the scaffold,
he issued a challenge
to the world.
[GOLD ROGER]
You want my treasure?
You can have it!
I left everything I gathered
together in one place.
Now you just have to find it!
[NARRATOR] Now, those who dare
to dream hoist their flags
and sail into the
Great Pirate Era!
[NARRATOR] After a deadly
struggle on Fishman Island,
the Straw Hats have finally
arrived in the New World,
where they immediately
come to face with
the treacherous
weather conditions of
the Maubeugemour Sea.
There, they met
a young Giant girl
who ate the Mini-Mini Fruit.
Oh!
My name's Lily Enstomach.
But some people call me
"Lily the Glutton."
Guess 'cause I eat
a lot for a girl!
The ship that's carrying Dad--
it's gonna pass
right through this area!
What? That's terrible news!
I don't want to cross
paths with the Navy!
Yeah, I'm with Brook!
If the Navy comes here,
it's not gonna be pretty!
True, but I have to save Dad!
And I'll do whatever it takes!
If they take him to Impel Down,
I'll probably never
see him again!
Catching that Navy ship
is my only chance!
[LUFFY] Lily.
I wanna help save your dad!
[LILY]
Huh?
If he's the only one
who can cook like that,
then we have to get him out
so I can try it, right?
[NARRATOR] And so, the
Straw Hat Pirates agreed
to help Lily rescue
her father, Panz Fry,
from the clutches of the Navy.
However, a mysterious
group called the Neo Navy
hopes to catch the
giant and kill him.
[SHUZO] I have received
word that a ship carrying
that arrogant pirate Panz Fry
will be passing through
the area soon.
[LUFFY]
It's the Navy!
--There's my dad!
--He's so big.
[LUFFY]
"Z's Ambition!
A Dark and Powerful Army!"
They're only
transporting one dude,
but they had to send
four ships to do it?
Damn, looks like they're
pulling out all the stops.
Your dad must be a big shot.
Oh, no.
[ROBIN]
Is that all there is to it?
Sending four ships
is strange in itself.
But more than that,
why would they choose to travel
through these dangerous waters
just to get to Impel Down?
I wonder.
Meh. Attack first and
ask questions never!
[grunts]
What are you talking
about, Luffy?
You know that won't work!
Look.
The whole point of this
mission is saving Lily's father,
not just beating up on the Navy!
We have to be
extra careful here.
If we just barge in
without a decent plan,
he could get hurt!
Nami's right, Luffy!
Besides, if something
happens to Panz Fry,
you'll never get any
of that volcano cooking
you wanted to try!
All right.
So what do you wanna do then?
Well, it's gonna take finesse.
Let the thief handle this one.
'Kay?
Okay! Whatever you say!
Thank you!
Good. Here we go!
First off, we need
a diversion team.
You guys go out
on the Mini-Merry
and draw their attention
from a distance,
creating an opportunity
for the infiltration team.
That team will be
made up of Brook, Robin,
and Luffy, with Chopper
as the boat operator.
Diversion team, huh?
So I get to go right in
and start kicking butt!
No way!
I call it the diversion team
because Robin and Brook
will be distracting them.
All I want you to do
is lay low and wait inside
the Mini-Merry just in case
something goes haywire.
Outside of that,
you can't do anything!
Now, the infiltration team:
You guys take the Shark Submerge
and sneak your way
onto the raft without letting
any Navy soldiers see you.
That way, you can cut the chain
and set Lily's father free.
That team is Zoro, Sanji--
Anything for you!
Usopp, and Lily. Sound good?
Okay!
That sounds way more fun
than what I get to do.
[NAMI] Now, the tricky
part is gonna be getting
Panz Fry over here
safely and discreetly.
Yeah, it's hard not
to notice a guy that big.
[NAMI] And it'd be nice
if we could steal one
of their ships, but that's
kind of a big undertaking.
So, instead, I say we detach
the raft from the ship
and whisk it away
using a Coup de Burst.
Franky, you stay here
on the Sunny and wait
where they can't see you.
Make sure the Coup de Burst
is ready to go.
I gotcha!
That's us. And you?
Oh, me?
I'll act as the command post
and watch their movement
from the White Hobby Horse.
One more thing to keep in mind.
Maubeugemour Sea
is unpredictable.
So watch out for severe weather.
Okay, let's do this!
[GROUP]
Right!
[ROBIN] I just noticed,
everyone on this team
has Devil Fruit powers.
Ah! Indeed we do!
If we fall out,
it's all over for us.
This is worrisome.
I sure hope we don't drown
or get torn apart by sharks.
[BROOK, CHOPPER yell]
I'm freaked out now!
[NAMI laughs] That's right, all
of you except Lily are out here.
I did that on purpose.
I figured you guys would
be a lot safer this way
than if you were part
of the infiltration team!
See you later!
Hey, hold on.
I thought I told Luffy
to go with you too.
Oh, he already left
on the Shark Submerge.
No surprise.
Huh?
[USOPP] Yeah, he said the
diversion team sounded boring,
so he came with us instead.
Huh?!
[LUFFY chuckling]
Man.
Can't wait to meet your
dad and try that food!
Yeah!
[NAMI]
Ugh, I should've known.
All right, fine, Luffy!
Listen up!
Whatever you do,
don't sneak onto the raft!
It'll screw up the whole plan,
do you understand me?
[LUFFY]
Okay!
[USOPP] Hey, Lily, you and
your dad came from Elbaf
like the other giants, right?
Huh? Wow, Usopp!
You mean you've heard
of Elbaf before?
Have I! You bet!
You know Dorry and Broggy,
the pirate bosses?
Well, we're good buddies
with those two!
[LILY]
Really?
But they're legendary heroes!
You've actually met them?
Yup! Sure have!
Whoa!
You guys are something else!
Even I've never seen them!
But my dad's been
friends with both of them
ever since they were kids!
[USOPP]
Really?
[LILY] Yeah.
He used to tell me stories
about them all the time.
[ROBIN chuckles]
That's nice.
They're all having fun.
[BROOK] Why don't we have
some fun over here too?
[CHOPPER]
Yeah!
[guitar music]
[BROOK] I call it,
"Let's Go to the Rescue!"
Б≥╙ [BROOK (SONG)]
Go, go, let's go! Б≥╙
Б≥╙ Ain't afraid of
stormy weather! Oh-- Б≥╙
Quiet down! Now!
Brook, you got us in trouble!
[BROOK]
No fun for us.
[PANZ]
Step aside!
[MARINES yell]
[PANZ]
Get out of my way!
[MARINES yell]
[PANZ]
Huh?
[PANZ yells]
Of all the pirates
I've captured,
you were the first
to board a Government
cargo ship so brazenly.
What were you attempting to do?
[PANZ] The only thing I wanted
was to take back
what you stole from them!
The New World has
been drowned in chaos
ever since you Navy soldiers
murdered Whitebeard!
That island where
the Government's ship
was moored is no exception.
And the people living there
were dangerously close
to starvation.
But the selfish crew of
that ship took all the food
the islanders had stored away!
Just to add to the lavish
feasts the World Nobles
enjoyed every night!
I am a cook!
My life's purpose is to provide
food for the hungry!
So you believe it's
all right for you
to steal food from
the Government.
The main reason the
New World is in disarray
is pirates like yourself.
You are misplacing
the blame here.
[PANZ] It appears we remain
as divided on the issue as ever.
We will never reach
an agreement.
So it seems.
Attention, men.
Be on high alert!
Someone is raiding
pirates in this area.
And since we're
carrying a pirate,
it's possible we
could be targeted.
Keep an eye out.
And if you catch anything
moving, be ready to attack!
[MARINES]
Sir!
Here it goes. You ready?
[ROBIN]
Whenever you are.
[USOPP]
We're in position.
Just say the word!
Thank you, really!
Without you guys' help,
I could never get
my dad back safe.
I'm so happy!
Well, don't thank us yet.
There's still a chance
somebody could screw this up.
Yeah, you!
[NAMI]
Time to move!
Roger.
Now, Cien Fleurs!
All right, it's showtime!
And Clutch!
[MARINES yell]
[MARINE C]
What's going on?
[MARINE F]
Oh, crap, it's a ghost!
[BROOK]
Yo ho ho ho ho ho ho!
Actually, I'm a soul!
Soul sounds much nicer!
[MARINES yelling]
[BROOK]
Yo ho ho ho ho ho ho!
What's all this?
Good! Let's infiltrate!
Yeah, you got it! Go!
[BROOK]
Yo ho ho ho ho ho ho!
Oh! Nice work, Sanji!
Perfect!
Phase one's done, and now--
Luffy!
[LUFFY chuckles]
Is that him?
Dude! Lose the mask!
It can't be!
Whoa, that's Straw Hat Luffy!
Hey! It's nice to meet ya!
Dad. I made it.
Lily?
Heads up, Luffy.
We got all the chains
off the big guy.
[MARINE A]
"Pirate Hunter" Zoro!
[MARINE F]
Wow, he's a big name!
And that's...
Uh...
[SANJI]
It's Sanji, dammit!
I'm one of the Straw Hats
too, you know!
[MARINES]
What?!
[MARINE A]
Where'd they come from?
How'd they get on the ship?
Ugh... Great.
Well. No biggie.
I already assumed that something
like this would happen,
since Luffy went out
with the wrong team.
Franky! Get over here, hurry!
We changed the plan!
Forget the raft!
We'll just throw a rope around
Panz Fry and run for it!
[FRANKY]
Roger!
Lily, go!
Okay.
[MOMONGA]
Straw Hat!
You won't get away!
[LUFFY grunts]
Nice try!
[ZORO]
A swordsman, huh?
Uh-huh.
He's a Vice Admiral.
Ha! Big deal.
They just have to
do it the hard way.
I found you!
Lily! You're okay!
[LILY] Yep!
Oh, Dad, I missed you so much!
[PANZ chuckling]
[LILY laughing]
[PANZ gasps]
[LILY gasps]
[PANZ grunts]
Dad, no!
You're kidding me!
What's going on here?
[LUFFY]
Are you okay?
[MARINES yell]
--[MOMONGA] What?!
--[MARINES grunt]
[MOMONGA]
Assess the damage, quickly!
[SHUZO laughing]
Just consider this our
way of saying hello.
Bring us up! Quickly!
Let's finish them.
[NEO MARINES]
Sir!
[MARINE C]
It broke through the hull!
Water's coming in fast!
But who's shooting at us?
[MARINE B]
We can't see anybody!
[MARINE K] Then just estimate
their location by the path
of the torpedoes
and fire that way!
[MARINE B]
Right!
[SHUZO]
Now, Alpacacino!
Prepare to fire!
[PANZ grunts]
I see. These must be the pirate
raiders we've heard about!
But in that case, why are
they attacking the Navy?
[ALPACACINO bleats]
[SHUZO laughing]
[LUFFY] Hey, Food Guy!
You all right?
[PANZ grunts]
I'm all right.
Where's Lily?
I'm right here!
Don't worry about me!
Uh-oh, here it comes!
Gum-Gum... Balloon!
[SHUZO]
Move aside!
It's a dude?
[SHUZO yells]
[LUFFY grunts]
[LUFFY yells]
[LILY]
Luffy!
Hey, Usopp!
Luffy fell overboard!
[USOPP]
Right, I'm on it!
[SHUZO]
Who the hell was that brat?
Oh, well. He's dead.
Shuzo? No!
Oh, would you look at this.
Hello, Momonga.
I sure didn't expect
to meet you here.
Let's see.
You've moved up, haven't you?
Vice Admiral, I believe?
Hold on.
The one who's responsible
for raiding all these pirates...
It was you?
[SHUZO laughs]
That's right!
And he'll be my next victim.
Leave him be!
[SHUZO]
Take a look around you!
[ALPACACINO bleats]
[SHUZO] Either hand over the
giant or we sink your ships.
Am I clear?
But why?
You were once
a great Navy soldier.
What happened to you, Shuzo?
Why, you ask?
I'll tell you why.
Because now I'm a proud
officer of the Neo Navy!
Our organization exists
to eradicate every pirate
who dares to cross
into the New World!
The Navy is foolish
to allow that villain
to rot away in prison.
He doesn't deserve
to live after all he's done!
So in the name of Master Z,
I'll assassinate Panz Fry,
right here right now!
Master Z?
[SHUZO laughing]
You shouldn't have
told him that!
Come on!
[ALPACACINO bleats]
Uhh... I suppose not.
[laughs]
No matter.
Who cares if you know we plan
to wipe out the pirates.
You're all about to die
along with them anyway!
[LILY]
You'll pay for this!
How dare you hurt my dad
and my friend Luffy!
[LILY yells]
[LILY grunts]
Careful, babe!
Jeez, we could sure use
Luffy and Mosshead right now.
And who the hell are you?
Oh, me?
Panz Fry's daughter,
Lily Enstomach!
Not like it's any
of your business!
Another pirate, huh? Heh!
Iron Body!
Three-Section Lariat!
[SANJI]
Lily!
Not another one!
Give up already!
You're a real piece
of work, aren't you?
Trying to attack a lady.
Dirtbag!
Oh, yeah?
[BOTH]
Who do you think you are?
Well, sir.
He's a Straw Hat.
So we're guessing
he's Black Leg Sanji.
But uh, he doesn't look anything
like the poster here,
so we think maybe he's
had some work done?
[SANJI]
Oh, come on!
[SHUZO]
All right.
How high is his bounty?
[NEO MARINE A]
77 million!
Heh, is that all?
What did you just say?!
He's a pirate.
Take aim!
We'll sink 'em all!
[NEO MARINES]
Roger!
Oh, goodness,
we're in real trouble now!
Lily! Shrink down!
They're gonna shoot!
[LILY]
Right!
[MOMONGA] I don't make a
habit of defending pirates.
But this is a Navy ship.
I won't let you
do as you please!
Heh.
Well, you seem pretty
smart for a Navy soldier.
Ha. Making nice
with pirates, huh?
That's what's wrong
with the Navy.
You're all spineless!
How dare you--
[MOMONGA]
Silence, you traitor!
It's pirates this. Navy that.
I've had enough of this crap.
Straw Hat!
I will try that volcano cooking,
no matter what!
Hold on, 400 million?
He must be...
That's him!
Straw Hat Luffy!
Oh? Now that's a bounty.
[laughs]
That's excellent!
I'll kill all of you
in one strike!
[NARRATOR] A three-way
confrontation ensues
involving the Straw Hats,
the Navy,
and the mysterious Neo Navy.
Each side refuses to back down,
and just when it looks
like the unpredictable
Maubeugemour Sea has foiled
their efforts to rescue Panz Fry
from the clutches of the enemy,
the stalwart crew makes one last
gambit to pull off
an unbelievable feat.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece:
"Z's Ambition!
A Great and Desperate
Escape Plan!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!